Optimize obsolete ANDs in combination with certain SHIFTs (#6160)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Peephole Optimizer: Remove double ``iszero`` before ``jumpi``.
 * SMTChecker: Support enums without typecast.
 * SMTChecker: Support one-dimensional arrays.

>  * Optimizer: Add rule for shifts with constants (0, >=256) for Constantinople.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Optimizer: Add rule for shifts by constants larger than 255 for Constantinople.
```

Reviewer 2: I notice it says "for Constantinople". But i don't see that check in the code.. how does that work?

Reviewer: I think the optimizer does not have to know - it only generates constantinople opcodes if the input is constantinople opcodes.

 * Function calls with named arguments now work with overloaded functions.
 * Inline Assembly: Issue error when using ``callvalue()`` inside nonpayable function (in the same way that ``msg.value`` already does).
 * Standard JSON Interface: Support "Yul" as input language.

>  * Optimizer: Add rule for shifts by constants larger than 255 for Constantinople.

Reviewer: This needs to be moved.

 * Standard JSON Interface: Allow retrieving metadata without triggering compilation.
 * Static Analyzer: Warn about expressions with custom types when they have no effect.
 * Optimizer: Add new rules with constants including ``LT``, ``GT``, ``AND`` and ``BYTE``.

>  * Optimizer: Add rule for shifts with constants (0, >255) for Constantinople.

Reviewer: Needs to be moved.

 * Peephole Optimizer: Remove double ``iszero`` before ``jumpi``.
 * SMTChecker: Support enums without typecast.
 * SMTChecker: Support one-dimensional arrays.

>  * Optimizer: Add rule to simplify certain ANDs and SHL combinations

Reviewer: Has to be moved to the current release.
